So yeah.
Don't worry, I won't play any.
Your English is better than I can speak
Spanish, so you're fine.
Oh, so I that's not really a.
Indicator phrase I so.
Fair enough.
I I I go down to Latin America every year,
but I just cannot learn the language.
Yeah, it means a lot to me.
Oh, this is cool.
I love the word.
I like being international.
I also can learn learn a lot of other
languages.
I just like no Ukrainian good and like
English and other ones are just really
high for me. I just don't understand them.
Your English is great.
I I was getting ready to translate.
Thank you.
I was like, how are we going to?
And if we need to,
So.
feel free to speak in Ukrainian and we
can translate things if you need to at
Oh.
any point in time.
Yes, thank.
So what I'm gonna do for the next 45
minutes? I don't.
What did your dad tell you you're going
to do?
He told me that we were just gonna have a
talk about like AI usage and different
ways how to use it efficiently and I'm
gonna be able to ask a bunch of questions
OK.
that I have interested in.
Yeah, well, that that's the that's,
that's easy.
I'm going to make it a lot harder than
that. But yeah, no,
Oh.
but it's a lot more fun too.
What we're going to do in the next 45
minutes is I'm going to help you solve a
problem like a challenge.
Yeah.
So what I need you to think about is
what's something that's really.
Hard or challenging for you that you want
to get better at,
you want to accomplish like what's a goal
you have in life right now?
Oh, I really,
I I'm really like lying centered right
now in my life. So I really want, no,
I don't really want.
I really need to learn a lot of the
material because I'm in 9th grade and
it's kind of hard for me because.
Not to brag, but I'm learning in.
I don't think it's number one. Number one,
let's say in Ukraine.
I think it was this Fismat, let's say.
Wow.
So yeah, that's kind of cool,
but it's at the same time it's really
difficult,
not even in like the subjects it centers
in like physics and math.
It's also really hard for me to learn
other like.
Subjects as my language, Ukrainian,
because it's not so easy. So yeah.
Mm-hmm.
No, 100%.
So what?
What was it specifically you said you
wanted to work on?
You said it in the first sentence.
Specifically, I would like to.
I don't know, like only speaking about AI,
I would want to learn how to give it
input so it can give me alarming pass.
OK.
To like I understand.
Are you saying about Lang chain or what?
What? What is the word you're saying,
Lang?
Language orange.
Oh, you're oh,
you wanna practice language? OK, gotcha.
Yeah, like Ukrainians as the first place.
OK, gotcha. That sounds sounds great. So,
so you wanna get better at a language.
What language do you wanna practice right
now?
Yeah, Ukrainian,
because like I had not so good grades at
it,
so it would be good for me to get better.
OK,
well this is a great example cause I'm
not going to be able to help you improve
Ukrainian.
I don't think you want me to do that,
but I think we can use ChatGPT and I'm
going to show you this process of how to
improve it.
OK.
Have you ever talked to ChatGPT about how
to improve your language?
I use it nearly every day,
but I don't think I use it as efficiently
as it can be because like for us,
at my school and my classmates and
classmates, everyone uses it.
For like doing any tasks like even
cheating on other side. So yeah,
I work with it a lot like to say.
Great. Yep,
they do the same thing in America.
Don't worry, it's the same thing.
But so how have you used ChatGPT to help
you with your language?
Oh.
Mine I use it just like telling me
different rules of it,
OK.
so I could revise them to get ready for
my tests or something else so.
Great. Yeah, that's smart.
That's really smart.
I is just like I use it to collect
everything that they need because I can
find it in my like textbooks or something
else.
Yeah, mhm.
I just wanted to collect it to faster and
like more structured and I would just
That's so smart.
pick out different rules from my like a
book or my.
Yeah, that's great. You are,
you are much more advanced than most of
Notebook Yeah.
the students I teach. So yeah,
we're going to have to put you,
That's cool. I'm happy to hear that.
we're going to have to put you in the
advanced A I course.
OK, So what I want,
what what I want you to do is can you
share your screen?
Can I share my screen one second?
Can you tell me how to use it?
Because this is my first time using Teams,
I don't even know how to.
I know you and I both.
I'm gonna have to fix that.
It's really interesting for me because I
usually use,
but usually I always use like Zoom,
maybe sometimes meet.
Me too.
I have a client right now who I have to
use Teams, so I'm like, uh oh,
looks like I'm using Teams right now.
Then a share button on the top right
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, I I see it.
I see it.
corner hopefully.
I'm gonna share a nice screen for you to
see.
Oh, one second.
It is like letting me do it. Why?
Why? Oh, I I just have to click it, yeah.
There you go. Hey, it's me. Hello.
All right, go ahead and open up ChatGPT.
Alright, and you can write in.
You can write in Ukrainian.
I don't really care.
You'll have to translate it for me.
OK, that's that's interesting.
I was never just later for anybody.
That's fine. Um.
Um, so.
Maybe like my grandparents a holiday like
in country other.
Yeah.
So what we're going to do is first I want
you to work. I want you to think about.
So yeah.
It sounds like you said you want to
improve on languages,
but that's kind of a really broad goal.
So I want you to and you can once again,
you can translate into Ukrainian if you
want or type in English.
OK.
I want you to ask ChatGPT.
I am trying to practice my language arts.
You can write it in Ukrainian if it's
here and I'm need help figuring out what
what learning goal should I have.
Good.
Oh,
I just started writing in English and I
didn't change my keyboard.
You can type in English or Ukrainian.
I don't care. It doesn't matter to me.
Oh, I just.
I really don't want to translate it right
now. So you said I want. Can you repeat,
please?
Here,
I'll I'll put it in the chat for you and
you can just copy and paste it.
Oh, code.
I want to I.
I'm working on my language arts skills in
Ukrainian and I want to improve my
ability, but I need help shaping.
What grade are you in?
99.
I'm in 9th grade. Can you help me do that?
So what we're doing here is we're
actually having ChatGPT help you figure
out what your question is.
So go ahead and go. I'll,
I'll put it in the chat for you to copy.
Obviously I'm like, there you go.
Yes, sign receipt.
OK.
You see?
OK, Yep.
Yeah, so he wrote to us.
OK.
Mhm.
So I'll let you read through that and if
you want,
if you need me to explain anything,
let me go ahead and ask whatever
questions you might have.
Oh, yeah.
Oh.
So I don't like what it did here,
so I'm gonna give you another text.
Please ask me one question at a time so I
can hone my thinking and arrive at a
strong goal. OK,
so I'm I'm gonna go ahead and copy this
and put it in here.
This is what ChatGPT does all the time.
What it's doing is it gives you a lot of
information,
and that's actually a lot of work to
actually try to understand everything it
says at the same time.
So this is what I do to solve that is I
tell it only tell me one thing at a time.
Yeah, this is cool.
Even he tells us this is a good approach.
And you are welcome to just record it
instead of typing it if you want,
OK.
or I can type it or you can do it,
whatever you like.
No, I can. There's no problem. I can type.
I think I can type. We will see.
And you can type in Ukrainian too.
I don't care. You can answer in Ukrainian.
Um.
I'm gonna get back.
Yeah.
OK.
Is this a hard one to answer?
No,
it's just it's hard for me to make up my
mind.
You. OK,
so here's another strategy when that
happens. Instead of making up your mind,
just say what's on your mind.
Just like you doesn't even have to be
complete sentence like I'm thinking about
this and this and this and this.
It's actually better to just give it
everything than to try to formalize it
like you would when speaking to your
parents. So just.
Say everything.
And you can even say I'm having trouble
making up my mind.
That is a perfectly financing.
How do you say it when uh,
we have like different um.
Oh, I don't even know how to tell it.
You can you can also switch it.
You can also switch to Ukrainian.
Sure.
You can write in English and Ukrainian.
It'll figure out the differences between
I just would put it in this.
the two.
That's a good way to learn.
Yeah,
when we have a lot of different subjects
Phrases OK.
and.
And predicates that.
There you go. Put it in there.
Yeah.
That's.
OK.
So there it is asked me to like avoid
long sentences and I more so want to
Um.
improve not like writing the sentence I
want to improve.
Um.
Seeing the sentence that was given to me
and uh.
Mhm.
Putting commas into it,
that's usually how our test work.
So go go ahead and click that microphone
button and just say that.
We get like long.
OK, um.
Player works.
Uh.
And I I want to structure my sentence
first of all because I just like gonna
start gonna start speaking then don't
know what to say next.
That there's nothing wrong.
There's nothing wrong with that.
You don't even have to make sense and the
AI will figure it out.
Just like say something silly and stupid
and try it and see what happens.
Just click it and see.
OK, um.
Oh, uh, his.
They might not let you.
You might not have the.
Uh.
But if we have Clyde, we'll have it.
I think he's not gonna let me speak to it.
He's gonna speak to me.
He's not gonna let me speak to him.
Yeah, it it might not.
It might not work on that.
I there's something I need to figure out
how to get people.
Yeah, he's.
You know what we're gonna do?
So go ahead and stop sharing and I'm
gonna share my ChatGPT.
And I will share my screen cause um.
How do I share screen here?
So.
So it's like a button on the fire.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
We're figuring it out together. Um.
Hi, I.
This is like high high right corner.
We need to share the window.
I I have it now.
I need to find my ChatGPT window,
which is not here. Of course it's not.
So we'll just share my screen and then
let me get my ChatGPT on that screen, OK?
I'm going to catch us up to where you
were and I'm just gonna type the stuff.
So I am a 9th grade Ukrainian student who
wants to work on his grammar.
I worry about where to place commas.
Especially in advance.
And now what I'm gonna write is help me
think about my learning goal.
And ask me questions. OK,
so now you can just speak and I'll type.
OK.
It'll go. It'll go three times faster.
Question for you.
Um,
do you want to practice in English or do
you want to practice in Ukrainian?
I would preferably I would want to
practice in Ukrainian,
OK.
but right now we can use English.
No, we get, we get. OK, we'll do it in.
Let's practice in English now and then
you can do it in Ukrainian.
It's gonna be a little harder in English,
obviously.
Hmm.
OK.
And So what it will immediately start
doing is trying to solve it. Um.
Take a step back and ask me why is this
important?
Why do you want to get commas right in
advanced sentences?
What do you think the answer to that
should be?
Oh.
I want to be more precise with my
placement of it and now and now clear and
Mm-hmm.
for sure where I need to place them to
not like.
I forgot a word. One second.
Not to doubt myself when I place.
So I just wrote.
I don't want to doubt myself when I'm
placing commas. You want confidence,
not guessing.
Yes.
Is your goal in 10 to 15 seconds?
I can decide if a comma is needed and
explain why. Does that sound right?
Yes, yes, that would be good. Great.
OK, here we'll make this full screen.
OK, um,
please ask me only one question at a time
so I don't feel overwhelmed.
AI kids doing that.
Do you want to still comment about school
essays, tests, or messages?
Tests is right.
There you go.
Too many commas and missing commas.
Messing comes, definitely.
List long sentences, the and buts.
So where do you make the mistakes or all
of these places?
More more so at like it was one that
started is also because when and we just
started firing the sentences which rely
the one is the main one and the other is
like secondary.
Where like the part of the first one is.
Oh, it's hard to explain. I I don't.
I don't think I'm gonna explain it
It is hard to explain.
perfectly in Ukrainian.
That's interesting.
I'm just going to write a card to explain.
That's a perfectly fine answer.
3.
Can you give me a sentence where you
weren't sure about commas in the past?
Oh, one second.
I'm going to plug my notebook from
Ukrainian lessons.
We just like have a perfect one to say.
Um.
It would be embarrassing if we can't find
it.
Oh, that's not good.
ohh I have too much of those.
Can't even find the specific one.
It it doesn't matter that much.
We'll be fine.
I'm actually gonna switch you to doing
something else in a second.
Yeah, but it would be good, I think,
if we could, yes.
It'd be helpful for you. Yeah, that's my.
But I don't want to call us for too much
if I can find it.
If I can't find it.
I can find it.
I don't have to deal with the doctor's
Don't worry about it.
We only have 20 more minutes,
but it doesn't matter that much. Oh,
excellent. Excellent.
lesson. Oh, I found it.
I'm just gonna write it into the chat
with you in Ukrainian because I can't.
Yeah,
put it in the chat and I will copy and
paste it. That's fine.
I'll I'll I'll copy and paste it.
Yeah.
Do you have like the same in English or
you have one subject and and it depends
or like is the other one realize in it?
Yes.
Yeah, we have the same thing.
It's interesting because I in my range of
studying English,
I didn't like start to learn anything
like this. We just like, I don't know,
we are more focused on vocabulary things
and.
Mhm, mhm.
OK.
Oh, I just said.
You did it. That is a long sentence.
Yes.
Uh, can you translate it for me?
OK.
This is interesting because if it is,
if if it's translates word by word,
it's gonna be like really interesting for
you because we use the board like.
No green.
You also use like a word like green.
She's green in engineering or something
like that if he's only a beginner.
Mhm, mhm. No. Yeah, yeah.
So yeah, that's gonna be.
Easy for you.
The word bouvoir is going to be like not.
I don't think it's going to be very
recognizable because it's very different.
Got it. I chat, ChatGPT, chat.
Because it's an introductory word
sometimes.
So you have introductory commas,
commas before this. It's a time clause.
Oh, yes.
It tells when comma before,
whatever that is,
is a content clause and then a dash. OK,
so I'm just going to which one of these
do you want to work on?
Do you want to work on?
Commas between clauses.
Clauses are like the time like. OK,
Yeah, I would like to.
let's work on commas between clauses.
Don't help me yet.
OK.
Let's think. So what?
This is a this is a secret sauce.
Let's think through what is the best way
for me to practice and become an expert
at these clubs.
Just go and never.
Because Chats GBT will always try to
answer you,
but you have to say how should I learn
this?
No, just go. I never, never like used it.
No one does.
That's why it's easy for me to teach it
like no one. This is what I'm saying.
To become an expert,
you should be able to underline it,
name the relationship, and decide.
Here's a practice routine that works.
Take five sentence and split them into
clauses with brackets, no commas.
OK.
Label each clause relationship,
add commas, check answers. Um.
OK.
Let's take a step back.
How should I put this into my life?
How often should I practice?
What's the best format? Et cetera.
So what?
ChatGPT will always just try to give you
the answer and you need to actually have
OK.
it take a step back and.
Reflect. Wait,
how should I actually become good at this?
It recommends you practice 10 minutes a
day for five days a week.
You can even just do it for 5 minutes.
OK.
OK, great.
And now what we're gonna do is great.
Please write out this exact plan for me.
OK, there you go.
It has now created a plan.
Perfect.
If you follow this in like a month you
would be you wouldn't have this problem
Yes,
but the only thing is like you said in
anymore. Does that make sense?
Isn't that kind of cool?
months. For me in months is like really,
really long time.
But let let how how fast do you need to
learn this by?
Four days.
I need to learn this and board it.
I like your energy. That's a good answer.
OK.
So they it have a four days common Sprint,
two sessions per day, 25 minutes each day,
so 50 minutes a day.
And it has a recommendation that you
should practice 10 sentence on each one
of them.
Do you like this one or is that not gonna
work either? You are welcome.
Yeah,
I like this one more because it's just
OK.
more likeable for me to like squeeze it
through my exams.
Yeah, so now it has a plan.
So I'm going to copy this and send it to
you.
How many minutes do you want to
realistically practice on each of these
days?
OK.
Like from 40 to 60, definitely not 90.
I wouldn't have enough patience to sit
through 90 minutes of work on my weekend.
Watch this.
I'm gonna say that instead of just like
having to solve it yourself,
the chat GB team will help you with that.
OK.
I don't have enough patience to sit down
for 60.
OK.
Yeah.
To 90 minutes at the same time,
and let's see what it says to that.
Let's split this up into short blocks.
What if instead of doing it all at the
same time,
we just do three or four blocks at 10
minutes at a time? Does that sound better?
Yes.
Yes, in that kind.
So what what you do instead of having to
solve it on yourself,
you present the problem to the A I and
OK.
it'll kind of give you interesting ideas.
Let's do a OK.
Um.
So now it now it has an actual plan on
how you could.
So it's not just like can you give me the
answer,
but now it has an actual plan and I'm
gonna copy and paste it in for you.
So what I would recommend doing is we're
gonna create a new one. It says.
Let's start doing this plan.
For each sentence, do one read once,
bracket the clauses,
add comments one line way.
So I think it it did an OK job of this,
OK.
but I'm gonna, I'm gonna actually push it.
I want you to create an interactive
OK.
tutorial where you act as the tutor as we
do this.
Mhm.
This is a key phrase.
You tell it start acting like a tutor and
it'll just literally teach it to you.
This cool like I always wanted is to like
teach me but it always like put out only
Yeah.
the rules and gave me the exercises.
It's not like the full on teaching.
Yeah.
Yeah, so let's just do that.
We're not gonna do the whole thing,
Mhm.
even though we could. And it's in English,
so I apologize. Read one.
OK.
Although the storm was loud,
we kept working. Your turn. Send brackets,
commas Y.
So where would you put the brackets?
And if you're confused?
Just say that.
Tell it that it's it's the part down here.
Between Zika,
I think they come on would be between
Ignore the top part.
Warsaw and Laut and like after also maybe,
but I'm not sure about after also.
OK, although the storm was comma loud,
we kept working.
So I'm just gonna tell it that.
Let's see what it says.
Oh.
Night.
Oh yeah, I I I'm sorry,
but I said between loud and we.
Loudly.
No, I I don't.
This this doesn't matter like now it
It doesn't.
So the fun part about the AI is it
comes.
doesn't mind. So let's let's fix that up.
Now we can.
See.
Correct.
Can you say why?
That's what it's asking me.
Because it has like different we call it
basis like a subject and the I can't
remember this word.
That's perfectly high because it has
different subjects.
OK.
You recognize the sentence has two
clauses.
You fix the Y because an intro clause
starting with although comes first,
so we put a comma after it.
So we actually missed one is actually
OK.
telling us.
Um.
Let's give brackets.
So what it's saying is that there is a
that you missed one. You put a comma here,
but you actually need to put one in the
although.
Oh, I saw much about it,
but I wasn't sure.
So they.
Although.
And now,
so you can get the correct answer and I'm
going to show you this.
We'll see if AI does it automatically.
Oh, wait, there's two different lines.
Okay, let's reset.
Give me another sentence. No bracket.
Okay.
OK, let's send it. If you want to join,
tell me by Friday.
Where should we put the comma?
Between John and Tau.
And then why?
Because like you said,
it has different subjects.
OK.
The comments are perfect.
Why you need a small fix.
Mhm.
It's not different subjects,
it's an introductory if clause,
so we comma after it.
So does that make sense to you or does
that not make sense to you?
Yes.
Often if.
OK, I I understand it.
So what I would suggest doing here,
and this is a really advanced skill,
you could just start answering the next
question,
but I would actually tell I understand
this partially,
but I want to make sure I really
understand it.
Could you ask me another question that's
more advanced so you can actually guide
OK.
it in your own learning on that?
OK,
where was you putting the comma on this
one?
I'll text you when I arrive because my
phone might die. I will.
After you.
Like around because maybe.
Before or after because.
Before and after. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Before and after, OK.
Alright, and why?
Why should we put the comments there?
It's one after you is like different
subjects like before and the one around
OK.
because it's like it is what was it
called like like F and.
The other one we had earlier also like if
and also.
All right, let's see what else to say.
This one is tricky,
and your answer shows exactly where the
confusion is. In this sentence,
none of those extra commas belong.
The correct answer is only one comma
after arrive.
No comma before because it's a clause at
the end that's essential to the meaning.
It tells when.
OK.
Comma before because my phone is optional.
I'm choosing here because it reads like
extra explanation.
You should have read for the Y when I
arrive is an essential time clause,
so no commas around it.
The comma before because is optional and
can show extra explanation.
I know this is very hard.
In English,
I wouldn't understand this in Spanish,
but are you?
Are you kind of seeing what I'm doing
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
here though?
It's more about like you can do this in
Ukrainian,
like there's no reason to stop you.
And so you can just you can just keep
having it test you and then you just ask
Disco.
it to explain how why you got things
wrong.
And if you did this for 10 minutes for
the like like if you did this for 3-10
minutes in the next four days,
you would know how to do it.
Isn't that kind of cool?
Yeah,
it's just cool because I never when I use
it, I never interacted,
interacted with it in such way.
I only like gave it one task to give it
to me a couple of sentences and I worked
on them. I never reflected on the.
What I did wrong, what I did try.
So that's interesting,
Mhm.
Yeah.
like doing more deep analysis so you can
know what what what I did wrong and what
I didn't know.
Yeah,
and so it can help you reflect and it
will never do that unless you ask it to.
So to write up the steps and I'll put
OK.
them here is what you can do is 1.
Help me figure out what my learning goal
is. So you can ask it.
What am I actually trying to do here?
That's really important. Two, you can say.
Give me a plan.
So help me come up with a plan #3 you can
do is what? What did I get right or wrong?
That's what you said.
Four is why,
and then five is help me practice so I
OK.
don't get that wrong again.
That's kind of the model that we use
Yeah.
today. It it seems kind of simple,
but you can do that in everything.
You can do it in math.
You can do it in like having a
conversation with a teacher.
You can do it in writing your emails.
So and what happens is if AI just
corrects it, you'll never get better.
But if you ask AI this question,
Yes, I don't know what to say.
That's right.
you'll get really good really fast.
This is all I can say that's.
Interesting to me like really because the
way it like.
Write everything the way it tells you
what you can do.
Mhm.
And and they will always do that.
And that's I that's the problem with a I
OK.
is it just gives you the answer.
That's what people think they want.
It's just like do it for me.
And that's what students ask for too.
Write my paper, give me the answer.
But giving you the answer doesn't teach
you. That's the thing that's weird, right?
It's like, where do I put the comma?
Great. I put the comma in,
but you still don't know where to put the
comma, right? And your dad, he's a coder.
And one day I have a feeling you're gonna
learn how to program too.
And this becomes very important for
programming,
cause the A I could write the code for
you,
but if you write the code and you don't
know what it did,
you don't know how to code.
That's gonna happen.
It's the same problem.
Oh, was I call?
I mean cold like I I tried to cheat with
it on my test,
but every time it gives out an answer to
me,
it just gives out something like so
Yeah.
different to what it.
Has to be so like more complicated and.
Mhm.
OK.
Yeah.
So yeah, it's not right. Yeah,
because like.
I, I, yeah,
I don't know if that will help. Go ahead.
What were you gonna say?
Oh, no, you can. You can say I just.
I love to speak,
so I always speak if you don't like say
everything.
No, go ahead. No, go, go. See,
you're back.
So what I wanted to tell you is that we
work in on Python. So and we like,
is that the second year? Yeah, is it? No.
This is the third year I learned have
been learning Python.
Mm-hmm.
So I just I oriented a little bit but
like when I asked JGPT to do my code,
I don't understand the things that it
writes to me because when it writes the
Mm.
better.
Code. There's no like explanation.
It's it's really hard and also really
Hmm.
like confusing when I see just it and
also it's not really the easiest way to
Yeah.
write.
So I don't think that it's JGP is the
best way to write the code.
Well,
let me let me let me fix that for you.
What kind of what kind of challenges do
you have to do in Python?
Right now,
right now we are learning like writing
Like what's something that comes on top
of your mind?
our own commands like with fun.
It was deaf like deaf funk one and like
the parameters of it in.
Yes, yes, yes.
So my homework assignment is to make a
Python script that uses def and functions
OK.
and parameters.
Please give me ready for this an
extremely simple and I capitalized it
Mm-hmm.
example that doesn't use any advanced
concepts.
So you just literally say what I just
saying what you asked for and that was
the problem.
And add comments so I can fully
understand.
Yes, it's cool because and it is right.
I never.
I told you I I knew how to do that one.
When I when I just like copy and paste
the things that was written to me was
teacher to do,
it's just like complete nonsense.
Yeah, yeah.
It was like it's otherwise.
Yeah.
You have to kind of learn to tame this
beast.
You have to be like it will always give
you bad answers,
but if you're really specific and really
clear,
it'll give you exactly what you want.
And now there's one thing to cheat,
so it'll give you the answer,
but it's even better is to be like.
Can you teach me?
I'll just say it like that. Really simple.
Let's walk it through what a function is.
So now it's gonna take that code and it's
gonna explain to you each part of it
what's going on.
So you can actually get that extra
handing on handle on that as well.
Oh,
I would have killed her this at your age.
I was so confused.
I had no idea what I was doing back then.
None of my parents are coders at all.
I had no idea what was going on.
So there you go.
So that's just another example.
So it goes back to this like concept.
You don't say give me the answer,
but you actually say help me.
Learn how to do this. If you say,
I'll just type that in there so you can
remember that one too.
Help me learn how to do this. There we go.
All right.
So the question I ask everyone afterwards
is like,
what was the number one thing you learned?
It's a way to interact with it that it
doesn't like just give out the answer to
you, it gives you different analysis.
That's cool to see it respond to you in a
way that it doesn't just give out the
answer and say like.
That's right because I always used it
like that and I think the what you said
Yeah.
like just right now help me learn to do
it. It's.
It's cool. I I don't know. I can't.
You got it. You figured it out. I mean,
it takes a lot of practice to get there,
and I hope you can get there.
But everyone I tutor,
that's my goal is for them to understand
that AI can help you get to where you
want to go. It doesn't just give answers.
It can give you the answers,
but it doesn't help much, does it? Right?
Like writing out all the commas doesn't
make you better at putting.
And commas, right? You're like, great.
And so that's gonna make you so that you
Yeah.
can learn probably 10 times faster than
if you didn't use it, so.
Great. Well, thank you.
If you ever have any other questions,
Thank you.
please feel free to e-mail me.
Your dad has my e-mail in Slack.
And also if you do use this to actually
learn something, can you let me know?
OK.
Because I'm trying to keep a
documentation of how students are using
AI to learn. So if you ever do.
Let me know and just send me.
You can just send me the jet and I would
really appreciate that.
I will definitely keep you updated on
what I'm doing because I think this will
really help me in my future because right
now I'm learning a lot of information in
Mhm.
like subjects like mass.
And language. So yeah,
I will keep you updated on it definitely
Thank you. I really appreciate.
Good luck in 9th grade. You rock it.
if I have. Thank you.
It's really important what you're doing
right now. So I really, I'm,
I'm really cheering you on.
Send.
All right,
you have a great night and I'm gonna go
now.
I have to do interviews for my actual job.
Yeah,
you have a you have a great interview or
Thank you. I appreciate it.
have a good day. Goodbye.